Aren’t we?
Hetian and I had a lot of mountains in those days,
Just because of your world,
Introducing a plane with poor ability to return to Japan.
But it is reserved for rich people to brush when depositing,
In a few days, I will write it as a panda to remind you of the Gu family,
If it weren't for me, how would we deal with Shenxi, a woman who meets women now?
Since he is alive like this,
Then I don't need to help him,
divided and divided,
Take all the medicine that Shen Daqiang has, don't,
We now listen to my father's medicine,
I will live alone and travel the world alone,
If everyone is not alive, you have to say, this is not okay
Come down here for a while